TODO.md, before:

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Create a user interface where the user can input two values (2 input elements) and the select type of mathematical operation. When the submit (`=` button) is clicked, capture this input, bundle it up in an object, and send this object to the server via a POST. There should also be a 'C' button that will clear the user input fields.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
LAYING OUT STEPS TO COMPLETE THIS ASSIGNMENT
HTML
[x] 2 input elements [] [];
[x] 4 mathematical calculations 
[x] button '=' to take the values from input elements, bundles it up in an object, send object to server via POST
[x] button 'C that will clear user input fields


JQUERY
[x] grab input element by ids and put a click handler on it
[x] create function to take input elements
    [] store into an object
    [] send object to server via post (ajax POST)
[] 



----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Build out the server-side logic to compute the numbers as appropriate. The server should be able to handle Addition, Subtraction, Multiplication, and Division. Once the calculation is complete, send back the OK. You should do a GET request after the POST to get the actual calculation.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Commit message:

Added click handlers to mathematical buttons

TODO.md, after:

-------------------------------------------------

Create a user interface where the user can input two values (2 input elements) and the select type of mathematical operation. When the submit (`=` button) is clicked, capture this input, bundle it up in an object, and send this object to the server via a POST. There should also be a 'C' button that will clear the user input fields.

-------------------------------------------------
LAYING OUT STEPS TO COMPLETE THIS ASSIGNMENT

HTML
[x] 2 input elements [] [];
[x] 4 mathematical calculations 
[x] button '=' to take the values from input elements, bundles it up in an object, send object to server via POST
[x] button 'C that will clear user input fields


JQUERY
[x] grab input element by ids and put a click handler on it
[x] create function to take input elements
    [x] store into an object
    [x] send object to server via post (ajax POST)
[x] grab all mathematical buttons and put into a function
    [] create conditionals that will meet all 4 different types of math calculations into 1 function??????
    [] store conditionals onto the server?????
    [] 
    [] 
    [] 



- Build out the server-side logic to compute the numbers as - appropriate. 
- The server should be able to handle Addition, Subtraction, Multiplication, and Division. 
- Once the calculation is complete, send back the OK. 
- You should do a GET request after the POST to get the actual calculation.

History
[x] Keep a historical record of all math operations and - solutions on the server. Display a list of all previous calculations on the page when it loads using a GET request. Update the list when a new calculation is made.
    [x] - clear inputs of input fields
    [x] - 

NOTE: 
-History should exist even after refreshing the page. It's expected that the history will go away after restarting the server. 
- We'll talk about long term data storage next week.


-------------------------------------------------
